Popups for when you first board Korsmanath A'awoj (#9659)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/korath/korath missions.txt

			`	You return to your ship and try plugging the chip into your systems again, which now displays two files: one in the Korath language, and one in your own. You open the file in your language, and it reads: "The <EDC-ship> is a ship of grief, bringing great pain in memories that sing for generations. Love is a void in the souls of many. Know all that <first> <last> is a true Efret by heart, if not by skin. The <EDC-ship> is theirs, to save lives and keep memories."`
			`	You carefully store the chip in a safe place.`

mission "Exile: Boarding Worldship Korath"
	boarding
	minor

> 	destination "Earth"

Author: From what I know from testing, it generally doesn't matter, if that's how the base files word it will change it

	source
		government "Korath" "Korath (Civilian)"
		category "Superheavy"

> 		outfits "Afterburner (Stellar Class)"

Reviewer: For the rest of your text to make sense, it may be better to have a minimum crew requirement of, say, 10000. I'm not sure if that's possible in the ship filters.

There is another superheavy Korath ship, and it is conceivable that it could be equipped with Stellar-class afterburners.

Another way to differentiate the two Korath superheavies is to add

```julia
not outfits "Microbot Grinder"
```

The Ikatila'ej is the only ship with a spinal mount, so no others could have that outfit. You'd never have in a city, for fear that it may consume the populace.

Reviewer 2: Definitely the microbot grinder is the better sorting factor, even if it may presently be unnecessary.

```suggestion
		category "Superheavy"
		not outfits "Microbot Grinder"
```

Author: Yeah I was looking for unique things on the A'awoj, not the Ikatila'ej, so I missed that, thank you!

> 	on offer

Author: Is that how base game does it, if so will change it to this

> 	on offer

Reviewer 3: ~~The repo wiki can go to hell.~~

		conversation

> 			`Docking with the gargantuan vessel allows you a front-row seat to witness the sheer scale of this ship. Your sensors detect tens of thousands of life-signs aboard, most of which read as likely intelligent, with many thousands more minor life-signs alongside them.`

Author: I don't know what to do, people kept spell checking it as life-sign and now your saying it's just life sign, can I get someone to conclusively say what is the right one?

> 			`Docking with the gargantuan vessel allows you a front-row seat to witness the sheer scale of this ship. Your sensors detect tens of thousands of life-signs aboard, most of which read as likely intelligent, with many thousands more minor life-signs alongside them.`

Author: Do you mean in the base game it isn't written like that, if so will change

> 			`Docking with the gargantuan vessel allows you a front-row seat to witness the sheer scale of this ship. Your sensors detect tens of thousands of life-signs aboard, most of which read as likely intelligent, with many thousands more minor life-signs alongside them.`

Reviewer 4: Yes.

> 			`Docking with the gargantuan vessel allows you a front-row seat to witness the sheer scale of this ship. Your sensors detect tens of thousands of life signs aboard, most of which read as likely intelligent, with many thousands more minor life signs alongside them.`

Reviewer: > Your sensors detect tens of thousands of life signs aboard

Minor detail, but the required bunks is 1940 of 31920. Thus, the number of life signs is likely to be less than tens (plural) of thousands.

Reviewer 2: We could just say that it's detecting hatchlings

Author: Yeah, once it is able to be captured it will be better to change that to thousands or something closer to whatever the average number of crew will be, but right now it's assuming the ships are all full of crew and citizens since for a city ship, you would assume they wouldn't leave empty rooms

Reviewer 2: I would not plan on it ever being capturable.

> 			`Docking with the gargantuan vessel allows you a front-row seat to witness the sheer scale of this ship. Your sensors detect tens of thousands of life signs aboard, along with numerous other minor lifesigns, perhaps the trees that you can see in the massive dome atop the craft?`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`Docking with the gargantuan vessel allows you a front-row seat to witness the sheer scale of this ship. Your sensors detect tens of thousands of life signs aboard, along with numerous other minor life-signs, perhaps the tree-like things that you can see in the massive dome atop the craft?`
```

The player doesn't know they are trees, just something that looks like trees. Not set on this change, just worth considering.

Reviewer 6: tree sized plant like?

Reviewer 5: Yeah. Hence food for thought, not a "required change."

It's an alien life form that resembles a tree... Or for all we know just a big green piece of decor. lol. 

I'm also fine with it staying as just calling them "trees" since that's what they look like.

Reviewer 6: tree-like plants/plantlife?

Author: I would say leave it as trees, since the most obvious first thought most would have is just tree, our minds don't often go to "Well, it MIGHT be a replica or some alien tree" especially since the game hasn't had the player experience any alien like trees yet as far as I know, most planets just have mostly normal trees from the images. (which while misleading, is all the player sees outside the description on planets)

life-signs is good though, sounds nicer

> 			`Docking with the gargantuan vessel allows you a front-row seat to witness the sheer scale of this ship. Your sensors detect tens of thousands of life-signs aboard, along with numerous other minor lifesigns, perhaps the trees that you can see in the massive dome atop the craft?`

Author: Well the minor life-signs are meant to be both fauna and the eggs of the Korath which are also in great number aboard the ship, so explaining it as only fauna is missing part of the context.

> 			`Docking with the gargantuan vessel allows you a front-row seat to witness the sheer scale of this ship. Your sensors detect tens of thousands of life-signs aboard, along with numerous other minor lifesigns, perhaps the trees that you can see in the massive dome atop the craft?`

Reviewer 7: Eggs would be best to add a specific mention of in that regard then, imo, especially to not get confused with animals present on the ship, including specifically at least aquaponic arrangements, last I knew.

> 			`Docking with the gargantuan vessel allows you a front-row seat to witness the sheer scale of this ship. Your sensors detect tens of thousands of life-signs aboard, along with numerous other minor lifesigns, perhaps the trees that you can see in the massive dome atop the craft?`

Reviewer 7: Adding for clarity:

The way it's worded without this suggestion, I had -no idea- the implication was meant to be eggs. To me, it always read as implying usage of livestock, so that's where I leaned in the suggestion.

Which is why I think if it's meant to be eggs (either only or as well), that needs to be changed or added in a different and more direct manner.

> 			`	Some of these minor life signs are flora, like what you saw in the massive dome atop the craft, as well as a wide variety of fauna. The rest, though, seem to be large orbs found throughout the craft, mostly in large groupings. A crew member identifies the orbs as eggs - undoubtedly Korath eggs.`

Reviewer 8: I think this can trigger even if the player doesn't really know who the Korath are (no first contact, not knowing how lizard-like they are).

Author: Is there a first contact for the exiles, I know there is efreti ones for each of their planets, but I don't remember there being any exile one?

Reviewer 8: I'm not sure. It just felt weird to talk about Korath eggs without making sure the player has prior knowledge.

Reviewer 2: Not yet.  There used to be, then it was removed when the Efreti were added to the game, as MZ was unsatisfied with how it didn't go anywhere.  #8752 seeks to restore and expand it.

Author: Alright, so just a case of once that is added, add it as a requirement, I just would assume if you are able to take out an A'awoj, you have boarded Korath vessals before currently :P

> 			`	As you scan the ship, your computer advises you that a ship of this scale would require an actual army and likely weeks of constant fighting to even have a chance of fully capturing it. A thorough sweep would be essential to preventing the Korath from fighting guerrilla campaigns against you, even after you claim it.`

Author: I feel like the addition of "even if you hired enough crew to man the many hundreds of essential stations in the ship," is just words for words sake. It might just be me but other than that I like all the other additions.

> 			`	As you scan the ship, your computer advises you that a ship of this scale would require an actual army and likely weeks of constant fighting to even have a chance of fully capturing it. A thorough sweep would be essential to preventing the Korath from fighting guerrilla campaigns against you, even after you claim it.`

Author: If the emphasis is on actually manning the ship, something like "even if you could afford to hire enough crew to man the many hundreds of essential stations in the ship," since it's currently not obvious that's the implication.
Though I also think referring to how many people the player can get doesn't make sense, since human space has tens of billions of people to go grab crew for and the player often is rich when they have alien tech anyway.

> 			`	As you scan the ship, your computer advises you that a ship of this scale would require an actual army and likely weeks of constant fighting to even have a chance of fully capturing it. A thorough sweep would be essential to preventing the Korath from fighting guerrilla campaigns against you, even after you claim it.`

Reviewer 7: Well, that's why I had it as "even if" not "even if you could." Many players indeed could, but it's still a massive logistical jump from the totals of any other individual ship they have be paying to man so far.

It totally works as current without that bit though, so probably best to leave it out unless you or someone else comes up with a better way to slide it back in :)

> 			`	As you continue to scan this massive vessel, your computer's analysis makes it clear that a ship of this scale would require an actual army spending weeks of constant fighting to even have a chance of capturing it, and an equally large workforce to fully pilot it. A thorough and time-intensive sweep would be absolutely essential to prevent surviving Korath from engaging in guerrilla campaigns against your crew or even just sabotaging vital components.`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			`	As you continue to scan this massive vessel, your computer's analysis makes it clear that a ship of this scale would require an actual army spending weeks of constant fighting to even have a chance of capturing it and an equally large workforce to fully pilot it. A thorough and time-intensive sweep would be absolutely essential to prevent surviving Korath from engaging in guerrilla campaigns against your crew or even just sabotaging vital components.`
```

No comma here. Breaks down to "would require an army and and equally large workforce."

> 			`	As you continue to scan this massive vessel, your computer's analysis makes it clear that a ship of this scale would require an actual army spending weeks of constant fighting to even have a chance of capturing it and an equally large workforce to fully pilot it. A thorough and time-intensive sweep would be absolutely essential to prevent surviving Korath from engaging in guerrilla campaigns against your crew or even just sabotaging vital components.`

Author: For the Thorough bit, you would only really need one sweep to eliminate the Korath, the point of that is to show that, simply taking out the initial defenders and getting the bridge like most ships, won't completely eliminate the threat since the sheer amount of additional space the ship has means plenty of places for stragglers to hide and sabotage from.
Most ships don't have entire living spaces aboard them.

> 			`	As you continue to scan this massive vessel, your computer's analysis makes it clear that a ship of this scale would require an actual army spending weeks of constant fighting to even have a chance of capturing it and an equally large workforce to fully pilot it. A thorough and time-intensive sweep would be absolutely essential to prevent surviving Korath from engaging in guerrilla campaigns against your crew or even just sabotaging vital components.`

Author: I like the first rewording, not sure about changing a single sweep to multiple, it feels like an unnecessary change, plus a single Thorough and time-intensive sweep should be good enough, once the left over Korath are gone the problem is solved for good which is what that line is meant to imply.

> 			`	As you continue to scan this massive vessel, your computer's analysis makes it clear that a ship of this scale would require an actual army spending weeks of constant fighting to even have a chance of capturing it and an equally large workforce to fully pilot it. A thorough and time-intensive sweep would be absolutely essential to prevent surviving Korath from engaging in guerrilla campaigns against your crew or even just sabotaging vital components.`

Reviewer 9: Edited to remove that change

> 			`	As you continue to scan this massive vessel, your computer's analysis makes it clear that a ship of this scale would require an actual army spending weeks of constant fighting to even have a chance of capturing it, and an equally large workforce to fully pilot it. A thorough and time-intensive sweep would be absolutely essential to prevent surviving Korath from engaging in guerrilla campaigns against your crew or even just sabotaging vital components.`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			`	As you continue to scan this massive vessel, your computer's analysis makes it clear that a ship of this scale would require an actual army spending weeks of constant fighting to even have a chance of capturing it and an equally large workforce to fully pilot it. A thorough and time-intensive sweep would be absolutely essential to prevent surviving Korath from engaging in guerrilla campaigns against your crew or even just sabotaging vital components.`
```

This comma was not correct, shouldn't have been added back.

> 			`	As you continue to scan this massive vessel, your computer's analysis makes it clear that a ship of this scale would require an actual army spending weeks of constant fighting to even have a chance of capturing it and an equally large workforce to fully pilot it. A thorough and time-intensive sweep would be absolutely essential to prevent surviving Korath from engaging in guerrilla campaigns against your crew or even just sabotaging vital components.`

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
			`	As you continue to scan this massive vessel, your computer's analysis makes it clear that a ship of this scale would require an actual army spending weeks of constant fighting to even have a chance of capturing it, and an equally large workforce to fully pilot it. A thorough and time-intensive sweep would be absolutely essential to prevent surviving Korath from engaging in guerrilla campaigns against your crew or even just sabotaging vital components.`
```

Reviewer 7: This comma was not correct the first time :)

> 			`	Destroying this ship would be equivalent to blowing up an entire city and certainly greatly upset the Korath. Depending on the Korath's total population, it may even be considered an act of genocide.`

Reviewer 4: I think this reads slightly better? Although it's a bit of a matter of preference.

```suggestion
			`	Destroying this ship would be equivalent to blowing up an entire city and would certainly upset the Korath a great deal. Depending on their total population, it may even be considered an act of genocide.`
```

Author: Yeah, I will ask that anyone else who reads this just thumb up if you want this change or thumb down for no, since I think both work fine so I will leave it to majority rule

Reviewer 7: Either works. Specifically, I do like the repetition of Korath as an emphasis of who it is we are contemplating the potential large scale deaths of.

			`	You return to your ship and try plugging the chip into your systems again, which now displays two files: one in the Korath language, and one in your own. You open the file in your language, and it reads: "The <EDC-ship> is a ship of grief, bringing great pain in memories that sing for generations. Love is a void in the souls of many. Know all that <first> <last> is a true Efret by heart, if not by skin. The <EDC-ship> is theirs, to save lives and keep memories."`
			`	You carefully store the chip in a safe place.`

mission "Exile: Boarding Worldship Korath"
	boarding
	minor
	destination "Earth"
	source
		category "Superheavy"
		outfits "Afterburner (Stellar Class)"
		or
			government "Korath"
			government "Korath (Civilian)"
	on offer
		conversation
			`Docking with the gargantuan vessel allows you a front-row seat to witness the sheer scale of this ship. Your sensors detect tens of thousands of life signs aboard, along with numerous other minor lifesigns, perhaps the trees that you can see in the massive dome atop the craft?`

> 			`	As you scan the ship, you come to realize that a ship of this scale would require an actual army and likely weeks of constant fighting, to even have a chance of fully capturing it. If you aren’t thorough enough, you could easily imagine Korath fighting guerrilla campaigns throughout such a gigantic craft, even after you claim it.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	As you scan the ship, your computer advises you that a ship of this scale would require an actual army and likely weeks of constant fighting to even have a chance of fully capturing it. A thorough sweep would be essential to preventing the Korath from fighting guerrilla campaigns against you, even after you claim it.`
```

	destination "Earth"
	on offer
		conversation
			`Docking with the gargantuan vessel allows you a front-row seat to witness the sheer scale of this ship. Your sensors struggle with their task, as they were never intended for such a massive vessel, but you can estimate from the readings that there must be tens of thousands of life forms aboard.`
			`	You assume some of these life signs are flora, such as the tree-like things you saw in the massive dome atop the craft, but even that massive done couldn't account for the sheer number your computers are outputting.`

> 			`	As you continue the scan of this massive vessel, you realise that a ship of this scale would require an actual army and weeks of constant fighting to capture; and after an equally large workforce would be needed to fully pilot it. You wonder if you could even hold it, as you can imagine a human crew would likely hide across its vast decks, and fight constant guerrilla warfare against the alien invader.`

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
			`	As you continue the scan of this massive vessel, you realize that a ship of this scale would require an actual army and weeks of constant fighting to capture; an equally large workforce would be needed to fully pilot it. You wonder if you could even hold it, as you can imagine a human crew would likely hide across its vast decks, and fight constant guerrilla warfare against the alien invader.`
```
